Over the course of this course,
you've learned so many important features of C++.
Classes are how C++ groups information.
Members of those classes store data and provide functions.
Constructors instantiate objects of the class.
Classes encapsulate data and abstract how that data is used.
Users of the class only need to know about its interface,
not about the details of how the data is stored or how the functions are implemented.
Inheritance hierarchies define how classes are
related to each other and any members they might inherit.
Generic programming and polymorphism in particular,
allow the same code to work with multiple different system defined in user-defined types.
This makes the code more reusable and saves you from having to repeat yourself.
You have learned so much about object-oriented programming,
this is part of what makes modern C++ really modern and surprisingly easy to use.